



                           I N C U N A B U L A
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

              A Catalogue of Rare Books, Manuscripts & Curiosa

                            Conspiracy Theory
                   Frontier Science & Alternative Worlds

                            Emory Cranston,Prop.

             Incunabulum/ cocoon/ swaddling clothes/ cradle/
             in-cunae, in the cradle/ koiman, put to sleep/winding-
             sheet/ koimetarium (cemetery)/ printed books before
             1501, hence by extension any rare & hermetic book...


________________________

INTRODUCTION

   No book for sale here was actually printed before 1501, but they all
answer to the description "rare and hermetic"-even the mass market
paperbacks, not to mention the xeroxes of unpiblished manuscripts, which
cannot be obtained from any other source!
   The symbol INCUNABULA was chosen for our company for it's shape-
cocoon, egg-like, gourd like-the shape of Chaos according to Chaung
Tzu.Cradle: beginings. Sleep: dreams. Silken white sheets of birth and
death; books, white pages, the cemetery of ideas.
   This catalogue has been put together with a purpose: to alert YOU to
a vast cover up, a conspiracy so deep that no other researcher has yet
become aware of it (outside certain Intelligence circles, needless to
say!)- and so dangerous that the "winding sheet" imagery in our title
seems quite appropriate; we know of at least two murders so far in
connection with this material.
   Unlike other conspiracy theories,such as Hollow earth, Men In Black,
cattle mutilation, UFO, Reich & Tesla or what have you, the INCUNABULA
Theory harmonizes with genuine frontier quantum mechanics and chaos
mathematics, and does not depend on any quack nostrums, psuedoscience or
ESP for proof. This will become clear to anyone who takes the trouble to
read the background material we recommend and offer for sale.
   Because of the unprecedented nature of the INCUNABULA File we have
included short descriptions of some of the books, pamphlets, flyers,
privately-circulated or unpublished manuscripts, ephemera & curiosa
available through us. Some of this is highly inflammable and sexual in
nature, so an age statement must be included with each order.

    Cash (or stamps) only. No cheques or money orders will be accepted.

    Thank You,

    Emory Cranston, Prop.








                             INCUNABULA PRESS
------------------------------------------------------------------------



1.   Wolf, Fred Alan.          Parallel Universes:The Search for Other Worlds
     (New York,Simon & Schuster,1988) cloth; 351 pp.;$25

Written by a scientist for non-scientists,simplistic and jokey,makes you
feel a bit talked-down-to.Nevertheless Wolf uses his imagination (or
other scientists imaginations) so well he seems to hit accidentally on
certain truths-(unless he knows more than he reveals). For example: the
parellel universes must have all come into being simultaneously "at the
begining" in order for quantum uncertainty to exist, because there was
no observer present at the Big Bang, thus no way for the Wave Function
to collapse and produce one universe out of all the bubbles of
possibility (p.174).If an electron can dissapear in one universe and
appear in another (as suggested by the Everett/Wheeler material), a
process called "quantum tunneling",then perhaps information can undergo
a similar tunneling effect.Wolf suggests (p. 176) that this might
account for certain "psychic phenomenon, altered states of awareness",
even ghosts and spirits!Actual travel between worlds must of course
involve tunneling by both electrons AND information-any scientist would
have predicted as much-but the mention of "altered states"
of consciousness is extremely revealing! Elsewhere (p.204), Wolf
speculates that afuture "highly developed...electronic form of
biofeedback" will allow us to observe quantum effects in the electrons
of our own bodies, making the enhanced consciousness and the body itself
a "time machine" (which is what he calls a device for travel between
universes).He comes so close to the truth then shies away! For instance
(p.199) he points out that the Wave Function has a value BETWEEN zero
and one until it collapses.If the wave function does not
collapse,the "thing" it describes exists in two universes
simultaneously.How strange of him not to mention that fractal geometry
also deals with values between zero and one! As we know the secret of
travel between worlds is rooted in the marriage of quantum and
chaos,particularly in the elusive mathematics of fractal tesseracts
(visualize a 4-dimension Mandelbrot Set-one of the simplest of the trans-
dimensional "maps" or "catastrophic topologies").Wolf appears so unaware
of this ,we must sadly conclude that he's not part of the conspiracy.

    Particularly interesting-and not found in any other material-are
Wolf's specualtions about schizophrenia.Are schizophrenics recieving
information from other worlds? Could a schizoid observer actually
observe (in the famous double slit experiments) a wave becoming two
particles and then one particle? Or could such an observation be made by
an extremely blank and simple-minded watcher (a sort of zen simpleton
perhaps)? If so, the perfect subject for parellel-worlds experiments
would be a paradoxically complex simpleton, a "magnetized schizophrenic"
who would be aware of the split into two worlds which occurs when a
quantum measurement is made.Oddly enough,such a mental state sounds very
close to the "positive schizophrenia" of certail extreme psychedelic
experiences as well as the meditation-visualiztaion exercises of actual
travelers between worlds.

     Despite it's flaws, an essential work.




2.   Herbert, Nick.                 Quantum Reality(NAL,1986)Cloth,$40

     A masterful and lucid exposition of the different versions of
reality logically describable from various interpretations of quantum
mechanics.The Everett/Wheeler Theory is here given it's clearest
explanation possible in lay persons terms,given the authors
awwareness(at the time) of experimental verification.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------


3.   ibid.                Faster Than Light:Superluminal Loopholes in Physics
     (NAL,1988) cloth,$30

       Some of the theorists who touch on the Many-Worlds
"hypothesis"place too much emphasis on time distortions and the
implication of "time travel".These of course seem present in the
theorems,but in practice have turned out(so far) to be of little
consequance.Chaos Theory places much more emphasis on the temporal
directionality than most quantum theory (with such exceptions as
R.Feyman and his "arrow of time"), and offers strong evidence for the
past-present-future evolution that we actually experience.As
K.Sohrawardi puts it, "the universe is in a state of Being,true,but that
state is not static in the way suggested by the concept o'reversibility'
in Classical physics.The 'generosity' of Being,so to speak, is becoming,
and the result is not reversibility but multiplicity,the unmeasurable
resonant chaos-like fecundity of creation."Nevertheless,Herberts second
book is a brilliant speculative work-and it led him directly to a
certain circle of scientists and body of research concerned with
dimensional travel, rather than "time travel",with the result that his
third book (see next item) finally struck paydirt.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------


4.  "Jabir ibn Hayaan" (Nick Herbert).               Alternate Dimensions
(publication suppressed by Harper & Row,1989);bound uncorrected galleys, 179pp.
$100. (We have 5 sets of proofs for sale,after which only xerox copies
will be available at $125)


While working on _Faster_Than_Light_ Herbert came into contact with one
of the "travel cults" operating somewhere in California,perhaps one with
a sufiistic slant("Jabir ibn Hayaan" was a famous 10th century sufi
alchemist); according to the preface of _Alternate_Dimensions_,which is
irritatingly vague and suggestive,this group seems to have trained him
and sent him on at least one trip to America2.Herbert suggests that he
already had so much experience of altered states of consciousness and
ability to visualize complex space/time geometries that only a minimum
of "initiatic" training proved necessary.
    In any case,despite it's vagueness and brevity,this book is the most
accurate and thoroughly-informed work on travel between worlds in our
entire collection.So far we have been unable to obtain and deep
theoretical work,and only a few papers dealing with practical aspects-
but Herbert provides a magnificent overviewof the entire field.Written
for the lay person,with his usual clear and succint approach to
theory,Herbert's is the first "popular"

study to make all the basic links:the Everett/Wheeler hypothesis,Bell's
Theorem, the E/R Bridge, fractal geometry and chaos math,cybernetically-
enhanced biofeedback, psychotropic  and shamanic
techniques,crystallography,morphogenetic field theory,catastrophe
topology,etc.
       Of course he's strongest in discussing the quantum aspects of
travel,less sure when dealing with the math outside his field,and most
inspiring when describing(pp.98-101) visualization techniques and
"embodied ecstasy" (ex-stasis, "standing outside" the body;hence
embodied ecstasy paradoxically describes the transdimensional
experience).

      Herbert makes no claim to understand the traveling itself, and
goes so far as to suggest that even the (unnamed) pioneers who made the
first breakthroughs may not have completely understood the process,any
more than the inventor of the steam engine understood Classical
physics(p.23).This definitely ties in with what we know about the
persons in question.
     Unfortunately the six illustrations promised in the table of
contents are not included in the galleys-one of them was a "Schematic
for a Trans-dimensional Express" which might be worth killing for!-and
the publishers claim that Herbert never supplied the illustrations.They
refuse to say why they suspended publication of _Alternate_Dimensions
_ and in fact at first denied ever having handled such a title!Moreover
Herbert has apparently dropped out of sight;if he hasn't met with foul
play, he may have returned permanently to Earth2.
     We regret having to sell copies of a flawed book for such an
outrageous price; we'd like to publish a massmarket edition affordable
by all-but if Harper & Row ever find out what we're doing, we'll need
the money for court costs and lawyers' fees!So get it while you can-this
is THE indispensable background work for understanding the Conspiracy.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


5.   Thomsen,Dietrick E.   "A Knowing Universe Seeking to be Known"
(Xerox offprint from _Science_News_,Vol.123,1983);$5

Unwittingly demonstrates the resonance between quantum reality theory
and the sufism of (for example) "the Greatest Shaykh" Ibn'Arabi, who
discusses in his _Bezels_of_Wisdom_ a saying attributed to God by
Mohammad (but not in the Koran): "I was a hidden treasure and I wanted
(lit.'loved')to be known;so I created the universe,that I might be
known."

5a.   We also have a few offprints (at the same price) of Thomsen's
witty "Quanta at Large:101 Things TO DO with Schrodinger's
Cat"(op.cit,129,1986).


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


6.    DeWitt,Bryce S. & Neill Graham.     The Many Worlds Interpretation of
      Quantum Mechanics  (Princeton,NJ,1973);cloth,$50

The standard (and far from "easy"!)work on the Everett/Wheeler
hypothesis-a bible for the early pioneers.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


7.  Cramer,John G.           "Alternate Universes II" (Analog,Nov.1984)

  A popularization of the Theory by a prominent physicist-no knowledge
of the Conspiracy is detectable.We're selling copies of the SciFi mag
itself for $10 each.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------


8.  Greenberg,D.M.,ed.       New Techniques & Ideas in Quantum
    Measurement Theory  (Vol.480 Annals of the NY Academy of
    Sciences,1986);cloth,$50

Contains the valuable if somewhat whimsical article by D.Z.Albers,"How
to take a Photograph of Another Everett World".Also the very important
"Macroscopic Quantum Tunneling at Finite Tempatures" by P.Hanggi (we
suspect him of being a Conspiracy member).


--------------------------------------------------------------------------


9.  (Anonymous).      Course Catalogue for 1978-79, Institute of Chaos
    Studies and Imaginal Yoga(no address);xerox of mimeographed
    flyer,7pp,$15

An in-house document from the Institute where the first breakthrough was
attained (probably in the late winter or early spring of 1979)-
therefore,although it makes no overt mention of Travel or the Egg,the
catalogue is of prime importance for an understanding of the
intellectual and historical background of the event.
     According to an unrelaible source (see ESCAPE FROM EARTH PRIME!,#15
in this list),the Institute was located somewhere in Dutchess County,New
York,where the founder and director,Dr,Kamadev Sohrawardi,was employed
by IBM in the 1960's,"dropped out" and began investigations into
"consciousness physics";it is also claimed that Sohrawardi was a Bengali
of mixed English,Hindu and Moslem origin,descended from an old sufi
family, and initiated into Tantra.All this disagrees with clues in other
sources and is perhaps not to be trusted.Other groups take credit for
Breakthrough, and sohrawardi may have been a fraud-but we're convinced
that the catalogue is authentic and Sohrawardi's claim the most certain.
    At first glance,the Catalogue appears an example of late-hippy/early
-New-Age pretentiousness.Thus there are courses in "Visions of Color &
Light in Sufi Meditation","Inner Alchemy in Late Taoism","Metaphysics of
the Ismaili 'Assassins'","Imaginal Yoga & the Psychotoplogy of the
Imagination","Hermetic & Neo-Pagan Studies",(apparently based on Golden
Dawn teachings),"Visualization Techniques in Javanese
Sorcery","Stairways to Heaven:Shamanic Trance & the Mapping of
Consciousness","Stirner,Nietzsche & Stone age Economy-An Examination of
Non-Authoritarian Hunter/Gatherer Societies",and-interestingly enough!-
"Conspiracy Thoery".
    The "shamanic" course may have been a blind for research in
psychotropic drugs,including such exotica
asahuasca(yage,harmaline),ibogaine,yohimbine,Telepathine and Viatmin K,
as well as the more standard psychedelicatessan of the late 70's.
     However,the Catalogue also contains amazing courses in frontier
science,any combination of which could have provided the key or final
puzzle-bit to the Breakthrough:apparently Sohrawardi taught or
supervised most of them.Thus "The Universe in a Grain of Sand" promised
information on models of brain activity,cybernetically-enhanced
feedback,Sheldrake's morphogenetic field theory,Rene' Thom's
Catastrophic Theory as applied to consciousness,
lucid-dreaming research,John Lilly's work on "altered states" and other
mind-related topics.Then in "Strange Attractors & the Mathematics of
Chaos",Sohrawardi discussed discussed matters unknown outside of the
margins of academia till the mid-80's,and made the astounding prediction
that Chaos in the macroscopic world somehow be found to mirror
Uncertainty in the microscopic or Quantum World,a truth still
unrecognized in "official" scientific circles today.He felt that n-
dimensional strange attractors could be used to model the quantum
behavior of particles/waves,and that the "so-called collapse of the wave
function" could actually be mapped with certain bizzare ramifications of
Thom's catasrophic topology.Making references to work by Ilya Prigogine
which was still being circulated in private "preprint" or samizdat form
at the time,Sohrawardi suggests that "creative chaos" (as opposed to
"deterministic" or entropic chaos) provides the link that will unify
Relativity,Quantum,Complexity and consciuosness itself into a new
science.
     Finally in his"Advanced Seminar on Many Worlds",he states baldly
that the alternative universes predicted by Relativity (Black Hole
Theory) are the same as the many worlds predicted by Quantum,are the
same as fractal dimensions revealed in Chaos!This one-page course
description is the closest thing we have to an explanation of why travel
to other worlds actually works.Hence the Catalogue is an indespensable
document for the serious student of the Conspiracy.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


10.  Beckenstein,J.      "Black holes & Entropy",(xerox offprint from
     Physical Review,Vol.D7,1973;28pp),$15

An early (pre-Breakthrough) speculation with suggestive hints about
quantum and chaos-as-entropy- although no knowledge of actual Chaos
Theory is demonstrated.This paper was referred to in an in-house memo
from the Inst. for Chaos Studies & Imaginal Yoga,believed to have been
composed by K.Sohrawardi himself (see #9).


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


11.  Sohrawardi,Dr Kamadev.       "Pholgiston & the Quantum Aether",(Offprint
     from the J. of Paranormal Physics,Vol.XXII,Bombay,1966),$40

An early paper by Sohrawardi,flooded with wild speculations about
quantum and oriental spirituality,probably dating from the period when
he was still working for IBM, but making visits to Millbrook,nearby in
Dutchess Co.,and participating in the rituals of the League of spiritual
discovery under Dr.T Leary, and the psychedelic yoga of Bill Haines' Sri
Ram Ashram,which shared Leary's headquarters on a local millionaires
estate.The basic insight concerns the identity of Everett/Wheeler's
"many worlds" and the "other worlds" of sufism,tantrik Hinduism and
Vajrayana Buddhism.At the time,Sohrawardi apparently believed he could
"prove" this by reviving the long-dead theories of phlogiston and aether
in the light of quantum discoveries!(Phlogiston Theory-based on the
thinking oof the sufi alchemist Jabir ibn Hayaan-the original Jabir-was
propounded seriously in the 18th century to unify heat and light as "one
thing".)Totally useless as science,this metaphor nevertheless inspired
Sohrawardi's later and genuinely important work on alternate realities.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


12.  ibid.  "Zero Work & Psychic Paleolithism", East Village Other,Vol.IV #4
     (Dec.1968);xerox reprint,single sheet 11 1/2 x 17  $5

Unfortuantely no scientific speculations,but a fascinating glimpse into
the political background of the inventor of Travel (or rather,one of the
inventors).Making reference to French Situationist and Dutch "Provo"
ideas which helped spark the "Events" and upheavals of Spring '68 all
over Europe and America,Sohrawardi looks forward to a world without "the
alienating prison of WORK",restored to the "oneness with Nature of the
Old Stone Age" and yet somehow based on "green technology and quantum
weirdness."
     Wild and wooly as it is,this text nevertheless poses a fascinating
scientific question in the light of the author's later accomplishments-a
question still unanswered.All the "First Breakthroughs" we know of with
any degree of certainty (those in New York,california, and Java-the
actual sequence is unclear) without exception entered paralell worlds
without human inhabitants,virtual forest-worlds.Most science fiction
predicated other worlds almost like ours.populated by "us",with only a
few slight differences,worlds "close" to ours.Instead-no people!
     Why?

    Two possible explanations:(1) We cannot enter worlds containing
"copies" of ourselves without causing paradox and violating the
consistency principle of the "megaverse"-hence only wild (or feral)
worlds are open to Travel.(2)
Other worlds exist,in a sense,only as probabilities;in order to "become
fully real" they must be observed.In effect,the parallel universes are
observer-created,as soon as a traveller "arrives" in one of
them.Sohrawardi wanted a paleolithic world of endless forest,plentiful
game and gathering,virgin,empty but slightly haunted-therefore,that's
what he got!Either explanation raises problems in the light of what
actually happened;perhaps there is a third,as yet unsuspected.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


13.   (Anonymous).      Ong's Hat:A Color Brochure of the Institute of
      Chaos Studies (photocopy of the original color brochure)  $25

*Note-I am in the process of puting this in a file that will be
available
here or in my files.This is the only RARE pamphlet from this series that
I have been able to procure. -  Joseph Matheny   mediak@well.sf.ca.us

This bizarre document,disguised as a brochure for a New Age health
retreat,reveals some interesting information about the activities of
Sohrawardi's group or a closely-associated group.a fairly accurate
description
of the Egg is provided,as well as a believable account of the first (or
one of the first) Breakthroughs.However,everthing else in the pamphlet
is sheer disinformation.The New Jersey Pine Barrens were never a center
of alternate-worlds research,and all the names in the text are false.A
non-existant address is included.Nevertheless,highly valuable for
background.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


14.   "Sven Saxon".   The Stone Age Survivalist (Loompanics,UnLtd.,Port
      Townsend,WA 1985),Pb,$20

" Imagine yourself suddenly plunked down buck-nacked in the middle of a
large dark forest with no resources except your mind," says the
preface."What would you do?"
       What indeed? and who could possibly care?-except a trans-
dimensional Traveller!Loompanics specializes in books on dissapearances
and survival involving a good deal of escapist fantasy-but as we
know,this situation is all too real for the Visitor to Other Worlds.
      Part I:Flint-knapping,an exellent illustrated handbook of
paleolithic tool-production;II Zero-tech hunting and
trapping;III,Gathering (incl. a materia medica); IV, Shelter; V,
Primitive warfare; VI,Man & Dog:trans-species symbiosis; VII,Cold
weather survival;VIII,Culture ("Sven" recommends memorizing a lot of
songs,poems and stories-and ends by saying "Memorize this book-'cause
you can't take it with you."Where is "Mr.Saxon now,we wonder?).


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


15.  Balcombe,Harold S.    Escape From Earth Prime!(Foursquare
     Press,Denver,Colo.,1986),Pb,$15

This-unfortunately!-is the book that blew the lid off the Conspiracy for
the first time.We say "unfortuantely" because ESCAPE!, to all
appearances,is a piece of unmitigated paranoid pulp tripe.Written in
breathless ungrammatical subFortean prose,unfootnoted and nakedly
sensationalistic,the book sank without trace,ignored even by the kook-
conspiracy fringe;we were able to buy out unsold stock from the vanity
press which published it,just before they went out of business and
stopped answering their mail.
     Balcombe(whom we've been unable to trace and who may have
"vanished"),is the author of one other book we've seen-but are not
offering for sale-called "Drug Lords from the Hollow Earth"(1984) in
which he claims that the CIA obtained LSD and cocaine from Dero-flying-
saucer-nazis from beneath Antarctiac.So much for his credentials.How he
got hold of even a bit of the authentic Other Worlds story is a miracle.
    According to Balcombe,the first breakthrough was due not solely to
K.Soharawardi-despite his importance as a theoretician-but also a
"sinister webwork of cultists,anarchists,commies,fanatical hippies and
renegade traitor scientists who made fortunes in the drug
trade"(p.3).Balcombe promises to name names,and out of the welter of
rant and slather,some hard facts about the pioneers actually emerge.
   Funding (and some research) emanated in the 70's from a "chaos cabal"
of early Silicon Valley hackers interested in complex dynamical
systems,randomicity,and chance,and-gambling!-as well as a shadowy group
of "drug lords" (Balcombe's favorite term of abuse), with connections to
certain founders of the Discordian Illuminati.Money was channelled
through a cult called the Moorish Orthodox Church,a loose knit
confederation of jazz musicians,oldtime hipsters,white "sufis" and black
moslems,bikers and street dealers (see" A Heresologist's Guide to
Brooklyn",#24 in this list) who came into contact with Sohrawardi in
Millbrook in the mid-60's.
   Sohrawardi was a naive idealist and somewhat careless about his
associations. He received clandestine support from people who were in
turn connected to certain Intelligence circles with an interest in
psychedelic and fringe mind-science. According to Balcombe this was not
the CIA (MK-ULTRA) but an unofficial offshoot of several groups with
Masonic connections! The Conspiracy was penetrated almost from the
start, but was actually encouraged in the hope of gleaning useful
information about parallel worlds, or at least about the "mental
conditioning techniques" developed as part of the basic research.
   By the mid-70's, Sohrawardi and his various cohorts and connections
(now loosely referred to as "the Garden of Forked Paths" or GFP) had
become aware of the Intelligence circles (now loosely grouped as
"Probability Control Force" or PCF) and had in turn planted double-
agents, and gone further underground.In 1978 or 79 an actual device for
transPdimensional Travel, the "Egg" (also called the Cocoon or the
Cucurbit, which means both gourd and alchemical flask) was developed in
deepest secrecy, probably at Sohrawardi's institute in Upstate New York,
certainly not at a branch lab supposedly hidden away in the NJ Pine
Barrens near the long-vanished village of Ong's Hat (see #13 in this
list), since no such lab ever existed, nor does it exist now, despite
what some fools think.
   The PCF were unable to obtain an Egg for several years and did not
succeed in Breakthrough until (Balcombe believes) 1982.The California
groups, however, began EggPproduction and broke through (into "BigSur2")
in early 1980 (again, Balcombe's chronology).(Balcombe clearly knows
nothing of the situation in Java.)
   It remains unclear whether the East Coast and West Coast groups both
entered the same alternate world, or two different but similar worlds.
Communication between the two outposts has so far proved impossible
because, as it happens, the Egg will not transport non-sentient
matter.Travellers arrive Over There birthPnaked in a Stone Age world -
no airplanes, no radio, no clothes ... no fire and no tools! Only the
Egg, like a diamond Faberge easter gift designed by Dali, alone in the
midst of "Nature naturing".Balcombe includes a dim out-of-focus photo of
an Egg, and claims that the machine is part computer but also partly-
living crystal, like virus or DNA, and also partly "naked quantumstuff".
   Eggs are costly to produce, so the early pioneers had to return after
each sortie and forego permanent settlement on E2 until a cheaper mode
of transport could be discovered.However, emigration via the Egg proved
possible when the "tantrik" or "double-yolk" effect was discovered: two
people (any combination of age, gender, etc.) can Travel by Egg while
making love, especially if one of the pair has already done the trip a
few times and "knows the way" without elaborate visualization techniques
and so forth.Balcombe has a field day with this juicy information and
spends an entire chapter (VIII) detailing the "perversions" in use for
this purpose.Talent for Travel ranges from brilliant to zero - probably
no more than 15% of humanity can make it, although the less-talented and
even children can be "translated" by the tantrik technique - and
extensive training methods have somewhat improved the odds.California2
now contains about 1000 emigrants scattered along the coast, and the
eastern settlements add up to 500 or 600.A few children have been born
"over there" - some can Travel, some can't, although the talented
percentage seems greater than among the general population of Earth-
prime.And being "stuck" on E2 is no grave punishment in any case!,
unless you object to the Garden of Eden and the "original leisure
society" of the Paleolithic flintknappers.
   Balcombe claims that the PCF was severely disappointed by the
sentience "law" of Travel, since they had hoped to use the parallel
worlds as a weapons-delivery system! Nevertheless they continued to
experiment, hoping for a more "mechanistic" technique;meanwhile they
devote their efforts to (a)suppressing all information leaks,(b)plotting
against the independent GFP and infiltrating the E2
settlements,(c)attempting to open new worlds where technology might be
possible.They are however handicapped by a shortage of talent:the kind
of person who can Travel is not usually the kind of person who
sympathizes with the "patriotic discipline of the PCF" and rogue Masonic
groups, but some of these end up defecting and "doubling", and anyway
most of them are much too weird for the taste of the rigidly reactionary
inner core of PCF leadership, who wonder (as does Balcombe) whether
these agents are "any better than the scum they're spying on?"
   More worlds have been discovered Q E3 and E4 are mentioned in ESCAPE!
(and we know that E5 was opened in 1988) Q but all of these are "empty"
forest worlds apparently almost identical with E2.
   In summary, Balcombe's style is execrable and attitude repulsive, but
his book remains the most accurate overview of the Conspiracy to date.If
you're only going to order one item from us, this is it.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
--


16.   (Anonymous)."Bionic Travel:An Orgonomic Theory of the
      Megaverse",(xerox of unpubl. typescript headed "Top Secret Q Eyes
      Only";27pp),$15

If this paper emanates from PCF sources, as we believe, it indicates the
poor quality of original research carried out by the enemies of
Sohrawardi and the GFP, and may explain the PCF's relative lack of
progress in the field (especially considering their muchPlarger
budget!).The author attempts to revive W. Reich's Orgone Theory, with
"bions" as "lifePforce particles" and some sort of orgone accumulator
(Reich's "box") as a possible substitute for the Egg.An unhealthy
interest is shown in "harnessing the force of Deadly Orgone" as a weapon
for use on other worlds.References are also made to Aliester Crowley's
"sex magick techniques" of the Ordo Templi OrientisQeven speculations on
human sacrifice as a possible source of "transdimensional energy".A
morbid and crackpot document, devoid of all scientific value (in our
opinion) but affording a fascinating insight into PCF mentality and
method.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


17.  Corbin, Henry.   Creative Imagination in the Sufism of Ibn'Arabi
     (trans. by R.Mannheim;Princeton,NJ,1969),cloth,$50;Pb,$20

One of the few books mentioned by title in the Catalogue of the Inst. of
Chaos Studies & Imaginal Yoga (see #9 in this list).The "mundus
imaginalis", also called the World of Archetypes or the "Isthmus"
(Arabic, barzakh), lies inPbetween the World of the Divine and the
material World of Creation. It actually consists of "many worlds",
including two "emerald cities" called Jabulsa and Jabulqa (very
intriguing considering the situation on Java2!). The great 14thPcentury
HispanoPMoorish sufi Ibn'Arabi developed a metaphysics of the "Creative
Imagination" by which the adept could achieve spiritual progress via
direct contemplation of the archetypes, including the domains of djinn,
spirits and angels. Ibn'Arabi also speaks of seven alternate Earths
created by Allah, each with its own Mecca and Kaaba! Some
parallelPuniverse theorists believe that Travel without any tech (even
the Egg) may be possible, claiming that certain mystics have already
accomplished it.If so, then Ibn'Arabi must have been one of them.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


18.  Gleick, James.  CHAOS: Making a New Science (Viking Penguin,
     NY,1987),cloth,254pp,$30

The first and still the most complete introduction to chaos Q required
reading Q BUT with certain caveats.First: Gleick has no philosophical or
poetic depth; he actually begins the book with a quote from John Updike!
No mention of chaos mythology or oriental sources. No mention of certain
nonPAmerican chaos scientists such as Rene Thom and Ilya Prigogine!
Instead, alongside the admittedly useful info, one gets a subtle
indoctrination in "deterministic chaos", by which we mean the tendency
to look on chaos as a weapon to fight chaos, to "save" Classical physics
Q and learn to predict the Stock Market! (As opposed to what we call the
"quantum chaos" of Sohrawardi and his allies, which looks on chaos as a
creative and negentropic source, the cornucopia of evolution and
awareness.) Warning: we suspect Gleick of being a PCF agent who has
embedded his text with subtle disinformation meant to distract the
chaosPscience community from any interest in "other worlds".


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


19.  Pak Hardjanto. "Apparent Collapse of the Wave Function as an
     n-Dimensional Catastrophe" (trans.by "N.N.S."in Collected Papers of the
     SE Asian Soc.for Advanced Research,Vol.XXIX,1980),47pp,xerox of
     offprint,$15

An early paper by the littlePknown scientific director of the Javanese
"Travel Cult" which succeeded in breakthrough, possibly in the year this
essay was published or shortly thereafter.Hardjanto is known to have
been in touch with Sohrawardi since the 60's;no doubt they shared all
information, but each kept the other secret from their respective
organizations.The pioneers of Java2 became known to the GFP and PCF only
around 1984 or 85.
   This article, the only scientific work we possess by Hardjanto, shows
him to be a theoretician equal or even superior to Sohrawardi himself Q
and if Hardjanto is also the anonymous author of the following item, as
we believe, then he appears a formidable "metaphysicist" as well!
   "Apparent Collapse", while certainly not a blueprint for Egg
construction, nevertheless constitutes one of the few bits of "hard"
science published openly on our Subject.Unfortunately, its theorems and
diagrams are doubtless comprehensible only to a handful of experts.The
topological drawings literally boggle the mind, especially one entitled
"Hypercube Undergoing 'Collapse' Into 5PSpace Vortex"!


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


20.  (Unsigned, probably by Pak Hardjanto).A Vision of Hurqalya
(trans.by K.K.Sardono; Incunabula Press, 1988),Pb,46pp,$20

The Indonesian original of this text appeared as a pamphlet in
Yogjakarta (E.Java) in 1982.We ourselves at Incunabula commissioned the
translation and have published this handsome edition, including all the
illustrations from the original, at our own expense.
   If one knew nothing about the Conspiracy or ManyPWorlds Theory, A
Vision would seem at first to be a mystical tract by an adherent of
kebatinan, the heterodox sufiPinfluenced freeform esoteric/syncretistic
complex of sects which has come to be influential in GFP circles,
inasmuch as the idea of "spiritual master" (guru, murshed) has been
replaced by "teacher" (pamong);some kebatinan sects utilize spontaneous
nonPhierarchical organizational structures.
   However, in the light of our knowledge of the material existence of
other worlds, Vision takes on a whole new dimension Q as a literal
description of what Hardjanto and his fellow pioneers found on Java2.
   They discovered another uninhabited world Q but with one huge
difference.The author of Vision steps out of his "alchemical Egg" into a
vast and ancient abandoned City! He calls it Hurqalya (after a
traditional sufi name for the Other World or alamPe mithal).He senses
his total aloneness Q feels that the City's builders have long since
moved on elsewhere Q and yet that they still somehow somewhere exist.
   The author compares Hurqalya to the ancient ruined city of Borobadur
in E.Java, but notices immediately that there are no statues or images Q
all the decoration is abstract and severe Q but "neither Islamic nor
Buddhist nor Hindu nor Christian nor any style I ever saw".The "palaces"
of Hurqalya are grand, cyclopaean, almost monolithic Q far from "heavy"
in atmosphere, despite the black basalt from which they seem to have
been carved.For the City is cut through by water ... it is in fact a
waterPcity in the style of the Royal Enclave of Yogjakarta (now so sadly
derelict) Q but incomparably bigger.Canals, aqueducts, rivers and
channels crisscross and meander through the City; flowing originally
from quiescent volcanic mountains looming green in the West, Water flows
down through the City which is built on a steep slope gradually curving
into a basin and down to the placid Eastern Sea, where a hundred
channels flow dark and clear into the green salt ocean.
   Despite the air of ruin Q huge trees have grown through buildings,
splitting them open Q mosses, ferns and orchids coat the crumbling walls
with viridescence, hosting parrots, lizards, butterflies Q despite this
desolation, most of the waterworks still flow: canalPlocks broken open
centuries ago allow cascades, leaks, spills and waterfalls in unexpected
places, so that the City is wrapped in a tapestry of waterPsounds and
songbird voices.Most amazingly, the water flows at different levels
simultaneously, so that aqueducts cross over canals which in turn flow
above sunken streams which drip into wells, underground cisterns and
mysterious sewers in a bewildering complex of levels, pipes, conduits
and irrigated garden terraces which resemble (to judge by the author's
sketches) a dreamscape of Escher or Piranesi.Viewed from above, the City
would be mapped as an arabesque 3PD spederweb (with waterbridges
aboveground, streams at ground level and also underground) fanning out
to fill the area of the basin, thence into the harbor with its huge
cracked basaltPblock docks.
   The slope on which the City is built is irregularly terraced in
ancient SE Asian style Q as many staircases as streets thread their way
up and down, laid out seemingly at randowm, following landPcontours
rather than gridPlogic, adding to the architectural complexity of the
layer of waterways with a maze of vinePencrusted overpasses, arched
bridges, spiralling ramps, crooked alleyways, cracked hidden steps
debouching on broad esplanades, avenues, parks gone to seed, pavilions,
balconies, apartments, junglePchoked palazzos, echoing gloomy "temples"
whose divinities, if any, seem to have left no forwarding address ...
all empty, all utterly abandoned.And nowhere is there any human debris Q
no broken tools, bones or midden heaps, no evidence of actual habitation
Q as if the ancient builders of the City picked up and took everything
with them when they departed Q "perhaps to one of the other Seven Worlds
of the alamPe mithal" Q in other words, to a "higher dimension.
   Thus ends the Vision of Hurqalya Q raising more questions than it
answers! There is no doubt that it describes exactly what was discovered
in Java2 in 1980 or 81.But if the "observerPcreated" theory of
otherPworlds Travel is true, "Hurqalya" represents the "imaginal
imprint" of what Hardjanto (or whoever) expected to find.Yet again, if
that theory is false ... who built Hurqalya? One current explanation
(arising from timePdistortion theorems which have so far remained
unsolvable) suggests that the Builders "moved" in prehistoric times to
EarthPprime and became the distant ancestors of the Javanese ("Java
Man"). Another guess: the Builders have indeed moved on to a "distant"
alternate universe, and eventually we may find them.
   A small settlement now exists in Hurqalya.Once the American groups
heard of the City's existence, members of both the GFP and PFC were able
to visualize it and Travel to it from America (the Javanese can do the
same from JavaPprime to America2). Since 1985 all three groups have
expanded most of their exploratory effort on "opening up" new worlds in
the Java series.Apparently Indonesian sorcerers and trance adepts are
very good at this, and we believe they have reached Java7 Q without,
however, finding replications of the City or any trace of the Builders Q
only more empty forest.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---

21.   Von Bitter Rucker, Dr R." 'The Cat Was Alive, But Looked Scared As
      Hell': Some Unexpected Properties of Cellular Automata in the Light of
      the EverettPWheeler Hypothesis" (Complex Dynamical Systems Newsletter
      no.8,1989),offprint,$10

Who is this man and what does he know? No other serious mathematician
has so far made any connection between cellular automata and the Many
Worlds.TonguePinPcheek (?), the author suggests that Schrodinger's poor
cat might be both alive and dead, even after the box is opened, IF
parallel universes are "stacked" in some arcane manner which he claims
to be able to demonstrate with a piece of software he has hacked and is
selling for an outrageous sum;we have also seen and ad for this program
in a magazine called MONDO 2000, published in Berkeley and devoted to
"reality hacking".We'd love to know what certain members of the
Conspiracy would make of this bizarre concept!


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


22.  Kennedy, Alison. "Psychotropic Drugs in 'SharedPWorld'& Lucid
     Dreaming Experiments" (Psychedelic Monographs & Essays,
     Vol.XIV,no.2,1981,offprint,$5

This writer appears to have inside information.The notion of a
drugPinduced hallucination so powerful it can be shared by many (in a
proper "blind" experiment) and can actually come into existence, into
material reality;the idea that drugPenhanced lucid dreaming can be used
to discover objective information from "other ontological levels of
being";and finally the "prediction" that "a combination of these methods
utilizing computerPaided biofeedback monitoring devices" will actually
make it possible to "visit 'other' worlds in 'inner' space" (which
suggests that the author adheres to the "observerPcreated" theory of
parallel universes) Q all this leads us to believe that the author is
probably a member of one of the California Travel Cults Q as well as an
expert bruja!


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


23.  (Anonymous). A Collection of Cult Pamphlets, Flyers, Ephemera &
     Curiosa from the Library of a Traveller (Looseleaf portfolio of
     photocopied originals) sold by lot,$25

The unknown compiler of this Collection (whom for convenience we'll call
"X") left it behind when he "vanished", whence it came into our
possession.We know something of the compiler's career from an untitled
document written by him and found with the Collection, which we call The
Poetic Journal of a Traveller (#24 in this list), as well as a pamphlet
believed to be by the same author, Folklore of the Other Worlds
(#25).(The Ong's Hat Color Brochure was also discovered in the same
cache, and is sold by us as #13.)
   The Collection contains the following items:
   1) A History & Catechism of the Moorish Orthodox Church, which traces
the origins of the sect to early (1913) American Black Islam, the
"Wandering Bishops", the Beats of the 50s and the psychedelic churches
movement of the 60s Q deliberately vague about the 70s and 80s however.
   2) The World Congress of Free Religions, a brochurePmanifesto arguing
for a "fourth way", a nonPauthoritarian spiritual movement in opposition
to mainstream, fundamentalist and New Age religion.The WCFR is said to
include various sects of Discordians, SubGeniuses, Coptic Orthodox
People of the Herb, gay ("faery") neoPpagans, Magical Judaism, the
Egyptian Church of New Zealand, Kaos Kabal of London, Libertarian
Congregationalists, etc.Q and the Moorish Orthodox Church.Several of
these sects are implicated in the Conspiracy, but no overt mention of
the Travel Cults is made here.
   3) Spiritual Materialism, by "the New Catholic Church of the
Pantarchy, Hochkapel von SS Max und Marx", a truly weird flyer dedicated
to "Saints" Max Stirner and Karl Marx, representing a group claiming
foundation by the 19th century Individualist Stephen Pearl Andrews, but
more likely begun in the 1980s as a Travel Cult.Uses Nietzsche to
contend that material reality itself constitutes a (or the) spiritual
value and the principle of Infinity "which is expressed in the existence
of many worlds." It argues for a utopia based on "individualism,
telepathic socialism, free love, high tech, Stone Age wilderness and
quantum weirdness"! No address is given, needless to say.
   4) The Sacred Jihad of Our Lady of Chaos, this otherwise untraceable
group calls for "resistance to all attempts to control probability." It
quotes Foucault and Baudrillard on the subject of "disappearance", then
suggests that "to vanish without having to kill yourself may be the
ultimate revolutionary act ... The monolith of Consensus Reality is
riddled with quantumPchaos cracks ... Viral attack on all fronts!
Victory to Chaos in every world!"
   5) The Temple of Antinous, a Travel Cult of pedophile boyPlovers and
neoPpagans devoted to Eros and Ganymede. (Warning: this leaflet contains
some justPbarelyPlegal graphic material.) "Wistfully we wonder if the
boygod can manifest only in some other world than this dreary
puritanical polluted boobocracy Q then, gleefully, we suddenly recall:
there ARE other worlds!"
   6) A Collage, presumably made by X himself, consisting of a "mandala"
constructed from cutPouts of Strange Attractors and various Catastrophic
topologies interwoven with photos of young girls and boys clipped from
Italian fashion magazines.Eroticizing the mathematical imagery no doubt
helps one to remember and visualize it while operating the Egg.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


24.   (Anonymous). Poetic Journal of a Traveller; or, A Heresologist's
      Guide to Brooklyn (Incunabula Press,pamphlet,$15. Believed to be by
      "X",the compiler of the Collection,&transcribed by us from manuscript.)

Apparently X began this MS with the intention of detailing his
experiences with a Travel Cult and eventual "translation" to the various
alternatePworld settlements, but unfortunately abandoned the project
early on, possibly due to PCF interference.
   It begins with a summary account of X's spiritual quest, largely
among the stranger sects of his native Brooklyn: Santeria in Coney
Island, Cabala in Williamsburg, sufis on Atlantica Avenue, etc.He is
disappointed or turned away (and even mugged on one occasion). He
becomes friendly with a Cuban woman of mixed Spanish, black, amerindian
and Chinese ancestry who runs a botanica (magical supplies and herbs).
When he asks her about "other worlds", she is evasive but promises to
introduce him to someone who knows more about such matters.
   She orders her grandPdaughter, a 14PyearPold named Teofila, to escort
X through the "rough neighborhoods" to the old man's shop.The girl is
wearing a tPshirt that says "Hyperborean Skateboarding Association", and
indeed travels by skateboard, "gliding on ahead of me like Hermes the
Psychopomp." X is clearly attracted to Teofila and becomes embarrassedly
tonguePtied and awkward.
   The old man, called "the Shaykh", who claims to be Sudanese but
speaks "pure Alabaman", runs a junk shop and wears a battered old
Shriners fez.His attitude toward X is severe at first, but X is
enchanted by his rather disjointed rambling and ranting Q which reveal a
surprisingly wide if erratic reading in Persian poetry, the Bible,
Meister Eckhardt, William Blake, Yoruba mythology and quantum mechanics.
Leaving the girl in the shop, the old man takes X into his back office,
"crowded with wildly eclectic junk, naive paintings, cheap orientalismo,
HooDoo candles, jars of flower petals, and an ornate potbellied stove,
stoked up to cherryred, suffusing waves of drowsy warmth."
   The Shaykh intimidates X into sharing a big pipe of hashish mixed
with amber and mescaline, then launches into a streamPofPconsciousness
attack on "Babylon, the Imperium, the Con, the Big Lie that there's
nowhere to go and nothing to buy except their fifthPrate imitations of
life, their bullshit piePinPthePsky religions, cold cults, cold cuts of
selfPmutilation I call 'em, and woe to Jerusalem!"
   X, now "stoned to the gills", falls under the Shaykh's spell and
bursts into tears.At once the old man unbends, serves X a cup of tea
"sweetblack as Jamaica run and scented with cardamon", and begins to
drop broad hints about "a way out, not to some gnosticPneverPland with
the body gone like a fart in a sandstorm, no brother, for the Unseen
World is not just of the spirit but also the flesh Q Jabulsa and
Jabulqa, Hyperborea, Hurqalya Q they're as real as Brooklyn but a damn
sight prettier!"
   Late afternoon; X must return home before dark, and prepare to take
leave of the Shaykh Q who gives him a few pamphlets and invites him to
return.To X's surprise, Teofila is still waiting outside the shop, and
offers to escort him to the subway.The girl is now in a friendlier mood
and X less nervous.They strike up a conversation, X asking about
Hyperborea and Teofila answering, "Yeah, I know where it is Q I've been
there."
   The main narrative ends here, but we have added some other poetic
fragments included with the original MS, despite the fact that they
might offend some readers, in light of the importance of the "tantrik
technique" of otherPworld Travel. (And let us remind you that a
statement of age must be included with every order from Incunabula
Inc.). These rather pornographic fragments suggest that X, too shy to
attempt anything himself, was in fact seduced by Teofila, and that his
subsequent "training" for EggPnavigation consisted of numerous "practice
sessions for doublePyolking" with a very enthusiastic young tutor.
   We believe that X subsequently made an extended visit to America2 and
Java2, that he returned to EarthPprime on some Intelligence or sabotage
mission for the GFP, that he composed a paper on Folklore of the Other
Worlds (see #25), that he and Teofila somehow came to the attention of
PCF agents in New York, aborted their mission and returned to Java2,
where they presumably now reside.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


25.   (Anonymous). Folklore of the Other Worlds (Incunabula
      Press,pamphlet,$15.By the same author as #24,transcribed by us from
      manuscript.)

Our anonymous Traveller from Brooklyn appears to have composed this
little treatise after his first extended stay in E2.It deals with tales
of Travellers and inhabitants of the otherPworld settlements, pioneers'
experiences and the like.Of great interest is the claim that ESP and
other paranormal abilities increase in the parallel universes, that the
effect is magnified by passing through the series of discovered
"levels", and that a small band of psychic researchers has therefore
settled on Java7, the present frontier world.The "temple" of Hurqalya
(or whatever these vast buildings may have been) are used for sessions
of meditation, martial arts and psychic experimentation. X claims that
telepathy is now accepted as fact "over there," with strong evidence for
telekinesis and perhaps even EggPless Travel.
   Also intriguing are various accounts of "spirits" seen or sensed
around the settlements, werePanimals supposedly glimpsed on higher
levels, and legends which have arisen concerning the lost Builders of
Hurqalya.Something of a cult has grown up around these hypothetical
creatures who (it is said) are "moving toward us even as we move toward
them, through the dimensions, through Time Q perhaps backwards through
Time"!
   X points out that this legend strikes an eerie resonance with
"complex conjugate wave theory" in quantum mechanics, which hypothesizes
that the "present" (the megaverse "now") is the result of the meeting of
two infinite quantum probabililty waves, one moving from past to future,
the other moving from future to past Q that space/time is an
interference effect of these two waves Q and that the many worlds are
bubbles on this shoreline!


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


26.   Eliade, Mircea. Shamanism: Archaic Techniques of Ecstasy (Univ.of
      Chicago Press),Pb,$30

This "bible" of the modern neoPshamanic movement also served as a
metaphorical scripture for the pioneers of interdimensional
consciousness physics and alternatePworld explorers.Not only does it
contain innumerable practical hints for the Traveller, as well as a
spiritual ambience conducive to the proper state of mind for Travel Q it
is also believed that Eliade's mythic material on the prototypal Stone
Age shamans who could physically and actually visit other worlds, offers
strong evidence for the possibility of EggPless Travel Q which however
so far remains in the realm of "folklore", speculation and rumor.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


27.   Lorde, John. Maze of Treason (Red Knight Books,
      Wildwood,NJ,1988),Pb,204 pp,$10

You may remember that after the Patty Hearst kidnapping it was
discovered that a cheap pornographic thriller, published before the
event, seemed to foretell every detail of the story.Jungian
synchronicity? Or did the Symbionese Liberation Army read that book and
decide to act it out? It remains a mystery.
   Maze of Treason is also a pornographic thriller, complete with tawdry
4Pcolor cover, sloppy printing on acidulous pulp, and horrendous
style.It's marketed as Science Fiction, however.And there is no mystery
about the author's inside knowledge."John Lorde" not only knows about
the Conspiracy, he's obviously been there.This book is probably a roman
a clef, as it appears to contain distorted portraits of Sohrawardi and
Harjanto (depicted as FuPManchuPtype villains) as well as several actual
agents of both the GFP and PCF Q and even a character apparently based
on the realPlife "X", author of several titles in our list (#s 24 & 25).
   The hero, Jack Masters, is an agent of an unnamed spyforce of
American patriots who jokingly call themselves the Quantum Police.Their
mission is to regain control of the alternate worlds for "the forces of
reason and order" and "make trouble for agents of chaos in every known
universe." The QPCops' secret underground HDQ contains a number of Eggs
granting access to hidden bases on the other worlds, including "the
Other America" and "the Other Indonesia".
   Jack Masters is investigating the activities of a Chaote named Ripley
Taylor, a "childPmolester and black magician> who runs a Travel Cult out
of a comicbook store in a "raciallyPmixed neighborhood" of New York.The
Cops hope to catch Taylor with his "juvenile delinquent girlfriend",
blackmail him and turn him into a double agent.
   The hero now becomes involved with Amanita, a beautiful woman
performance artist from the Lower East Side who seems to know a lot
about Taylor and the Travel Cult, but also seems quite attracted to the
virile Jack Masters.At first he suspects her of duplicity, but soon
decides he needs to "convert" her by making her "fall for me, and fall
hard." Jack's problem is that his own "talent" will not suffice for solo
Travelling, and in fact he has never managed to "get across" Q since the
Cops do not practice Tantrik techniques! He suspects her of being an
"OtherPWorlder" and hopes she can convey him thence via the "infamous
'doublePyolk' method."
   Meanwhile Taylor has laughed off the blackmail attempt, burned down
the comic shop and escaped "into the fourth dimension Q or maybe the
fifth." Masters heats up his affair with the artist Amanita, and finally
convinces her to "translate" him Q after three chapters of
unininterrupted porno depicting the pair in many littlePknown ritual
practises, so to speak. (The author rises above his own mediocrity here,
and attains something like "purple pulp", an inspired gush of horny
prose, especially in the oralPgenital area.) Masters now rises to the
occasion for yet a fourth chapter in which a "governmentPissue Egg"
becomes the setting for a "yabPyum ceremony of searing obscenity."
   Immediately upon arrival in "Si Fan" (the author's name for
Hurqalya), Amanita betrays our hero and turns him over naked to one of
the tribes of "chaosPshamans who inhabit these Lemurian ruins". At this
point Maze begins to add to our knowledge of the realPlife situation by
depicting morePorPless accurately the state of affairs and mode of life
in presentPday Hurqalya Q at least, as seen through the eyes of a
paranoid rightPwing spy.
   The thousand or so inhabitants have made few changes in Hurqalya,
preferring a life of "primitive sloth" and minimal meddling with
Nature.Sex, hallucinogenic mushrooms and songPimprovisation contests
comprise the nightPlife, with days devoted to the serious business of
"sorcery, skinnydipping, flintknapping and maybe a couple of hours of
desultory fishing or berrypicking." There is no social order."People
with bones in their noses sitting around arguing about Black Hole Theory
or recipes for marsupial stew Q lazy smoke from a few clan campfires
rising through the hazy bluegold afternoon Q children masturbating in
trees Q bees snouting into orchids Q signal drum in the distance Q
Amanita singing an old song by the Inkspots I remember from my
childhood..."
   Masters Q or rather the author Q claims to be disgusted by all this
"anarchist punk hippy immorality Q all this jungle love!" Q but his
ambivalence is revealed in his continued desire for Amanita, and the
ease with which he falls into his own curmudgeonly version of dolce far
niente in "Si Fan".
   We won't give away the rest of the plot, not because it's so great,
but because it's largely irrelevant (Taylor flees to distant dimensions,
Masters gets Girl and returns to EarthPprime in triumph, etc.,etc.) Q
the book's true value lies in these pictures of daily life in
Hurqalya.Sadly, Maze of Treason is still our only source for such
material.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
---


   The Conspiracy to deny the world all knowledge of the Many Worlds is
maintained by both the forces active in the parallel universes Q the GFP
and PCF both have their reasons for secrecy, evasion, lies,
disinformation, distortion and even violence.Maze of Treason is not our
only source for claiming that people have lost their lives as a result
of getting too deeply involved in all this. But we at INCUNABULA believe
that truth will out, because it must. To stand in the way of it is more
dangerous than letting it loose. Freedom of information is our only
protection Q we will tell all, despite all scorn or threat, and trust
that our "going public" will protect us from the outrage of certain
private interests Q if not from the laughter of the ignorant!
   Remember: parallel worlds exist. They have already been reached. A
vast coverPup denies YOU all knowledge. Only INCUNABULA can enlighten
you, because only INCUNABULA dares.
   Thank You,
   Emory Cranston, Prop.
