                 Angelic Watchtowers
 Reconstruction Based on Dee's 91 Angelic Governors

r Z i l a f A y t l p a | e | T a O A d v p t D n i m
a r d Z a i d p a L a m |   | o a l c o o r o m e b b
c n o n s a r o Y a u b | x | T a g c o n z i n l G m
T o i T t x o P a c o C | a | n h o d D i a l a a o c
S i g a s o n r b z n h | r | f a t A x i v V s P s N*
f m o n d a T d i a r i | p | S a a i z a a r V r o i
o r o i b A h a o s p i |   | m p h a r s l g a i c h
c N a b a V i x g a z d | h | M a m g l o i n L i r x
O*i i i t T p a l O a i |   | o l a a D a g a T a p a
A*b a m o o o a C u c a | C | p a L c o i d x p a c n
N a o c O T t n p r a T | o | n d a z N z i V a a s a
o c a n m a g o t r o a | m | i i d P o n s d A s p i
S h i a l r a p m z o x | a | x r i n h t a r n d i L*
------------------------+   +------------------------
m o t i b     a T n a n       n a n T a     b i t o m
------------------------+   +------------------------
b O a Z a R o p h a R a | a | d o n p a T d a n V a a
u N n a x o P S o n d n |   | o l o a G e o o b a v a
a i g r a n o a m a g g | m | O P a m n o O G m d n m
o r p m n i n g b e a l | o | a b l s T e d e c a o p
r s O n i z i r l e m u | C | s c m i a o n A m l o x
i z i n r C z i a M h l | h | V a r s G d L b r i a p
M O r d i a l h C t G a |   | o i P t e a a p D o c e
R*O c a m c h i a s o m | p | p s v a c n r Z i r Z a
A*r b i z m i i l p i z |   | S i o d a o i n r z f m
O p a n a B a m S m a l | r | d a l t T d n a d i r e
d O l o F i n i a n b a | a | d i x o m o n s i o s p
r x p a o c s i z i x p | x | O o D p z i A p a n l i
a x t i r V a s t r i m | e | r g o a n n P*A*C r a r

*Adverse Letter


  Tablet of Union
   +-----------+
L* | e x a r p |
   | h C o m a |
   | n a n T a |
   | b i t o m |
   +-----------+
